Add release summary for Envoy 1.37.0 (#42952)
envoyproxy/envoy: changelogs/summary.md

## Summary of changes

### Dynamic Modules Expansion
- Added support for network, listener, UDP listener, and access logger filters
- Introduced streaming HTTP callouts to HTTP filters
- Enhanced ABI for streaming body manipulation and header operations
- Added global module loading and improved module search path handling

### HTTP and Protocol Enhancements
- Container-aware CPU detection for improved resource utilization in containerized environments
- HTTP/2 performance optimizations including reduced allocations for well-known headers
- Enhanced cookie matching in route configuration
- Added vhost header customization and forward client cert matching via xDS matcher

### Filter Ecosystem Growth
- New transform filter for request/response body modification

> - New MCP (Model Context Protocol) filter and router for AI/ML workloads

Reviewer: s `AI/ML workloads/agentic network`

> - New MCP (Model Context Protocol) filter and router for AI/ML workloads

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New MCP (Model Context Protocol) filter and router for agentic network
```
